---
layout: post
title: DESIRE
description: Raisons d'être.  
image: assets/images/pic02.jpg
---

Last year of my life I was transforming and changing a lot of things in my life, starting from a lifestyle and attitude ending with my views and mental state.

One day after a long conversation (believe me, we had a lot of them) a close friend of mine asked me to describe the real desire, meaning and purpose of my life in 1 or 2 words. To be honest, it is quite a hard question to answer. You have to think about your goals, dreams, family, lifestyle, inner voice, mind and combine it to one word. However after a few moments I replied. 
My answer was — freedom.

So what is freedom? 

According to dictionary it is the power or right to act, speak, or think as one wants.

Actually, I want to attach proper definition to all aspects in life. There is desire to be totally independent, to be my true self...always. I wish freedom not for freedom's sake. I want to do something, to challenge myself with anything, to grow, learn and master things.  
It may sound a bit infantile and dreamily, however I made a decision to make it my motto and my path. It sounds cool, right? To do TF I want anytime and anywhere.

At the beginning everything is good. Then you are starting to realize that you are not free at all. Your daily routine, job, duties, the country you live in, people around you, weather, conditions.  

Here a reality steps in. There are plenty of things that would be against your path. What could help you here? Hard work, commitment and faith. A lot of people still don't believe that things are possible. Motion and progression depends on mindset. It comes to a moment when I realized that it is not enough just to dream about it. I need to put all my focus, all my free time, all attention to my goal. It just confirmed the fact for me, that nothing in this life comes easy.   

So my "freedom" motto was upgraded with hard work pattern.

At heart, I know that I am not going to be where I am right now. That I will be doing things that I love to and I will be good at it. That those things will bring something the world needs.

Story is going on and I am an author of it. Be it a paradise or hell, it depends on my actions. 

